# Project
Investment in real-estate for individuals is very challenging. People seeks the advice from state agents at very high prices to have some limited choices about investment opportunities in predetermined areas. The questions of where and how to make a good investment of your money for limited budget individuals is very challenging whether they decide to choose short term or long term investment plans.
The proposed project is to make use of the huge past data available in the Internet about sales and renting prices of private housing in different countries around the world as well as current main events that can trigger changes in sales and renting prices, to make a real time and informative investment decision. The project aims to help individual investors with limited budgets to answer the main question of where and how to best invest their money by predicting houses sales and rent prices and to give an evaluation of the long-term or shor-term return-on-investment or cost reduction of living. Real-estate prices are affected by both short-term and long-term factors ranging from the prevalence of crimes, construction, traffic and major events such as concerts and/or celebrations taking place in cities and towns to major events such as Brexit and political changes, shifts and turmoil to government policies and regulations related to housing in specific areas. These events are indicators of the direction of change of the prices of housing  which can be verified from near-ground truth available from online ads, real-estate agents and government agencies.
In addition to use renting and sales data available in the internet to advise investors  about best choices of buy-to-sell or to-rent plans, The project aims to use airbnb data available to advise individuals about where and how they can buy and live and in the same time reduce the cost of living by using the airbnb option.
